Oh boy…
Hey…
Where's Sakura?
Huh? Oh…
You were going after Sasuke, right?
So which way did Sakura go?
North…towards two o'clock.
About one kilometer.
That Sakura…
Looks like she learned how to concoct a powerful drug
from Lady Tsunade.
They won't be getting up for a while.
There we go.
Sorry, there's no time so I'm going on ahead.
What’s in it for me if you come along?
What are you plotting?
I'm not plotting anything!
Ever since you left the Hidden Leaf Village,
I've regretted not going with you!
Is she an old teammate?
And she’s also in love with Sasuke? But…
I'll do whatever you want.
I don't want to have any more regrets.
And do you know what I want?
I don't care! I'll do whatever you ask.
I'm going to destroy the Hidden Leaf!
That's what I want!
Will you really be able betray the Hidden Leaf for me?
Yes. If you asked me to.
Then prove it.
Finish her off.
Then I'll believe you.
Who is she?
A member of the group, Taka, which I founded.
As you can see, she's useless.
Sakura, you're a Medical Ninja, right?
You can replace her. This will work out just fine.
How could he? He's definitely not the old Sasuke.
He's completely changed.
Well, Sakura? You can’t do it?
She has nothing to do with this.
If I… If I stab Sasuke now…
it will all be over.
Stop, Sasuke.
He really meant to kill her.
How you’ve fallen, Sasuke.
One after another.
Sakura, you tried to kill Sasuke by yourself, didn't you?
You don't have to shoulder such a heavy burden by yourself.
I was the leader of Team 7.
It was my cowardice that split all of you up.
Sakura…
I said something irresponsible to you
in an effort to put you at ease.
Kakashi Sensei…
Don’t worry. It will be like it was before!
I must have been trying to convince myself of that too.
I’m sorry I’m such a careless Sensei.
But you’re…
Sasuke…
I don't like to repeat myself.
But I'll say this once more.
I've seen so many guys like you, I've lost count.
Those who follow the path of revenge end up nowhere.
Do not become possessed by vengeance!
Itachi… My father… My mother…
My entire clan! Bring them all here!
Do that and I’ll quit right now!
I don't want to kill you.
You talk like you could kill me at any time!
Stop acting like you’re still my Sensei.
I'm itching to kill you…
Kakashi.
He’s been completely twisted by Madara.
Sakura… Heal that girl to the point that she can speak.
We still have time right now.
She knows a lot of intel about the enemy.
What about you, Sensei?
Take that girl and get away from here.
Kakashi Sensei…
I will take on what would have been your burden.
I guess you could say it's my responsibility.
All right?
Hurry and go, Sakura.
As the leader of Team 7, I will settle this once and for all.
I don't like repeating myself either.
But stop acting like you’re my Sensei.
No matter how far he had fallen,
he was still dear to you, wasn't he?
Third Hokage…
Even though you had nurtured many other fine pupils…
A cherished student abandons the village.
The agony of having to face that dear student in battle.
No one can begin to imagine the resolve it took.
Now I finally understand how the Third Hokage must have felt.
You will go the same way as the Third Hokage!
The Burden
You… Don’t talk yet! Just a little longer.
You’re the enemy, I don’t want to know how you feel.
So…stop crying in front of me…
with such a sad face!
Damn it.
All right.
The Sharingan is proof of being an Uchiha.
A lowlife ninja who isn't an Uchiha…
has no right showing off that eye!
The path of those shuriken…
Sasuke is used to real combat!
Well then… Earth Style: Mud Wall!
For someone whose Sharingan is borrowed,
you're quite skilled in using it.
However, can your Sharingan do this?
I will show you…
that my Sharingan is in a completely different class than yours!
This is…
So fast.
If I hadn't blown it away with the Mangekyo,
I'd be dead right now.
So that's the Susano'o?
To think that someone who’s not an Uchiha
could awaken the Mangekyo.
So it seems that eye’s power saved you.
You should be grateful to the power of the Uchiha.
Sasuke…
You are more than just your clan. More than just hatred.
Look deep inside your heart. One more time.
Are you still going on about that?
Deep down, you know.
You’re all laughing.
They're all laughing.
You’re laughing at the cost of Itachi’s life!
Laughing together, completely ignorant of everything!
Your laughing voices sound like contempt
and mocking to me now!
I will change those laughs to screams and wails!
Sasuke… Sasuke's chakra… has gotten even colder.
Sasuke isn't the Sasuke you knew anymore.
This is bad!
How’s this?
So can your borrowed Sharingan extinguish that?!
I will show you the difference between the real thing and a fake!
Damn it!
My sight!
What is she going to do?
Sakura! Why are you here?
Don’t!
I won't let Kakashi Sensei bear the burden!
Do you think Naruto will calmly accept our decision?
But this is something we all decided.
We have to make him understand.
I'll talk to Naruto about everything.
You, Sakura?
Do you have a plan that'll work?
Just leave everything to me.
How can I tell Naruto something like this?!
I have to take care of this.
I have to stay committed.
Hey!
Can you let me through?
Get outta the way, Naruto!
I want to sit over there.
Sasuke…
Mind if I sit next to you?
I'm going to get Sasuke today!
I’ll be the one to get the first kiss! Cha!
I'll give you guys one more chance!
However, after noon it'll be a harsher battle to take the bells!
Those who want to take on the challenge can eat lunch.
However, don't let Naruto have any.
It's punishment for breaking the rules and
attempting to eat lunch on your own.
If someone lets him eat
that person will be disqualified on the spot.
I make the rules here.
Got it?!
Here.
H-Hey, Sasuke. Sensei just said…
It's okay. There's no sign of him now.
In the afternoon, the three of us will go and get the bells.
It'll be trouble for me if he becomes a hindrance, so…
Sasuke…
Sakura…
Thanks.
You guys!
You pass!
You guys are the first.
Up until now, I only had dunces
who would just meekly listen to what I said.
A ninja must see through deception.
In the ninja world, those who break the rules are scum.
But those who abandon their friends are worse than scum.
That's it for the exercise. Everyone passes.
Why are you hanging around a place like this
in the middle of the night?
It’s because you use this path to leave the Village.
I always…
Go home and sleep.
Why won’t you tell me anything?
Why are you always silent?
You won’t tell me one single thing.
I’m telling you to keep your nose out of my business.
Stop fussing over everything I do.
I always…
end up making you hate me, don’t I?
Do you remember?
We just made genin and the three-man squads were assigned.
You and I were alone for the first time,
here in this very spot.
You got mad at me.
Solitude…
It isn’t the same as being sad
because your parents scolded you.
What’s the matter all of a sudden?
You…are annoying.
I don’t remember that.
Yeah, I guess.
That was long ago after all.
But it all began that day.
You and me…
And also Naruto and Kakashi Sensei.
The four of us went on various missions.
Those were tough and difficult times, but…
But more than anything, it was so much fun.
I know about your clan, Sasuke.
But revenge that won’t bring anyone happiness. No one.
Neither you nor I.
As I expected.
I’m different from you guys.
I’m walking a road that’s incompatible with the rest of you.
The four of us worked together…
and it’s true that there was a time when I thought that was my road.
The four of us worked together,
but in the end, I decided on revenge.
That’s been my reason for living.
I can’t be like you or Naruto.
Are you going to isolate yourself again, Sasuke?!
Back then, you taught me that solitude is suffering, Sasuke.
Now I know exactly how that feels.
I have both family and friends.
But if you were no longer here, Sasuke…
for me it would be the same as solitude.
From here…
we’re going to start walking down our new paths individually.
I…I love you so very, very much, Sasuke!
If you would only be with me, Sasuke,
I wouldn't let you regret it, no matter what!
I’ll do anything for you, Sasuke!
So…I’m begging you, please stay here!
I’ll even help you with your revenge!
I’ll make it happen somehow, I promise you!
So stay here with me!
If that doesn’t work for you, then take me with you.
You really are…annoying.
Don't go!
If you go, I'll scream and…
Sakura…
Thank you.
I was sure…I was prepared.
Sakura!
Damn it!
This always happens right after I use the Mangekyo!
Stop, Sasuke!
Naruto?!
Naruto…
Sasuke, I’m going to save you from the chaos of your vengeance.
I don’t need that.
The stage has already been set for my vengeance to happen!
What?
Severing all bonds with the Leaf
shall lead to the Uchiha’s true restoration!
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Two Fates"
I guess we just have to do this then.
Tune in again!